Welcome to the United States of America, specifically from Los Angeles
Welcome to the famous place (Bieb)
Trademark rights are interesting
You may know about copyright and how it is extended in America and Europe
And always - oddly enough - before becoming the famous Mickey Mouse series
Available for general use. But these are the nature of copyright, unlike trademark rights. And unlike those
The animation, name and design of Mickey Mouse is recorded as a trademark.
It 's something Disney uses to sell things ... very, very, very, very. So even if they are
Those animations have gone beyond copyright control, I will not be able to sell my own Mickey Mouse items.
In the same way that I can not open a shop called Wal-Mart and sell
My own drink which I would call Coca-Cola. Trademarks related to these names do not have an expiry date
As long as they are in use, companies defend them.
The difference here is the commercial purpose, so this is the name of a back name
Surely you know the shape of this label, it 's the most famous
Landmarks in America, and you will be able to easily find pictures and videos of this brand in the Internet.
Even videos of people climbing, and then chased by the police.
But do I use it for commercial purposes by filming this video? I do not think so, because I use it
Is just to describe it, something legal. But am I ready to risk it
Lawsuits from the owners of this brand, financial offsets out of court dating back decades
Now, could I have permission to shoot if I made some phone calls? Yes it is possible
But they will probably ask me to pay a sum of money in exchange, and sign many papers
Frankly, I am currently on holiday, can I file a lawsuit? Most likely, no.
But am I 100% sure that the owners of the brand will not come to ask me to show you
One of the most famous landmarks in America? And I will not have to compromise
Outside the court for a fee, or to pay defense lawyers whose costs would be expensive?
No, I'm not 100%
This is the reason for the presence of rear fog pixels.
I'm here in Los Angeles for several more days. If any of you are interested in video sharing
From November 6th and 7th, they sent me an email. You will find details at the bottom of the screen. I do not have much
Of time, but it would be nice to work with you, so please communicate if you are interested.
Oh my God, that the sun is very shining here.